<ui:composition
        xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
        xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
        template="/WEB-INF/templates/template.xhtml">

    <ui:param
            name="parentId"
            value="dashboard"/>
    <ui:param
            name="pageTitle"
            value="Dashboard"/>

    <ui:define
            name="content">
        <section>
            <h2>What is SPADE</h2>

            <p>
                Spade (Spam Detection and Analysis) is a software to analyse possible pairs of <em>opinion spam</em>.
                Such spam intends to manipulate the public picture of a product or service by injecting untruthfull reviews into an appropirate plattform.
                This can be done by compelling reviews that are voted to prominent position for interesseted customers, or by targeting the overall rating.
                Spade tries to identify such spam under the proposition that such opinion spam is often just a copy of another review.
            </p>

            <p>
                This proof-of-concept presents pairs of review that are similar to each other.
                In addition are meta-information displayed that should help to identify the motivation behind a review, like the days between the reviews.
                Also uses the software two other metrics that should help in this task: The H<sub>v</sub> Score and the Stylometric similarity.
            </p>
            <p>
                The presented data is from the US version of Amazon.com.
                It contains 18 years of reviews from June 1995 to March 2013.
            </p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <h2>H<sub>v</sub> Score</h2>

            <p>
                This score is a number that should indicate how <em>suspicious</em> the voting behaviour of a user is.
                Suspicious means here a value that is depended on the average rating of a product or service, the average rating of the current user and the average rating of all users.
                The results are displayed within a colour code gauge.
                Green indicates a low, yellow a mediate and red a high score.
                However, a high value is not a hard indicator.
                Products or services can be discussed controvercial among users, what makes every user suspicious that participates in the discussion.
            </p>

        </section>

        <section>

            <h2>Stylometry</h2>

            <p>
               Each person has their own personal style of writing that can measured and quantified.
               A spammer under Spade proposition would have different writing styles, what could result in clues on a different authorship.
               However, usually it takes a larger text to extract a sufficient amount of style features, which are within the dataset not given.
               Spade can therefore only identify only very obvious different writing styles.
               They are also represented within the known color code or green, yellow and red by this icon: <i class="fa fa-keyboard-o"/>.
               In cases of very short reviews the value is not relyable and the color is therefore grey.
            </p>

        </section>

    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>